Update personal software budget (#11947)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/people/spending-money.md

Individual software is down to your personal preference, and we encourage you to share cool software.

> Every person has $100 per month for personal software, this is purely for personal software. Anything that has one other person involved should have it's own shared budget, just request this in Brex. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every person has $100 per month for personal software - this is software that is purely for your individual use. Anything that has one or more other people using should have its own shared budget - just request this in Brex. 
```
